Where is the fun? 

 My artistic journey as a dopamine junkie

A dopamine junkie you say... like a drug addict?

Exactly! Well, kind of (Don't worry I'm not a literal junkie). Im an addict in the same way everyone is an addict. I seek out happiness and fulfillment, like everyone else on this planet.  

But... I'm not a kid anymore. My childlike wonder of the world around has dried up and remains only as a memory, leaving me with the classical quarter-life crisis question: Where is the fun? 

Its a tough question. I'm young, inexperienced, and nowhere close to uncovering the fundamentals of the human condition. In my 22 years of navigating the confines of my fuzzy brain, I've settled on the belief that happiness comes from excersizing the brain, or to put it normally: Learning!

It's a corny belief, i know, I feel weird typing happiness and learning in such close proximity, 

its become obvious my natural inattentivness ensures that no single intelectual field will ever satisfy me. I'm fated to be a generalist; A mile wide and an inch deep. 

Ever tell yourself, “you gotta do *thing you’re currently dreading*” first before you can do *thing you enjoy* and instead of doing either, you sit in a void of doing nothing for hours?

My design philosphy is about counteracting that dread, its abouting bringing principles of real-life charm into our digital world to provide positive, fleeting moments of stimulus

I understand this is vague, but please bare with me, im just starting out! The more I work, the clearer my artistic statement will get. 

So how exactly do I explore charm in software? Take a look at my exploratory projects below!

























I understand this is vague, but please bare with me, im just starting out! The more I work, the clearer my artistic statement will get. 

Here are exploratory projects ive working on, in search of charm 



I want to study how to create charming software, which has naturally led me down the game design path, but the things i learn form making games i want to implement it in different kinds of software






I also have add so i have a fuzzy brain, so im not like most people in the sense that i have a literal deffeciancy in dopamine

but im met with the age old philisophical tease, ... where exactly does it come from,

naturally, my skills have coallsced to game design





I live for fleeting moments of charm and subcounscoius joy 

flash games

Uhhh Kartik, why are you describing yourself as a junkie on your portfolio site? Easy, I decided it is imparitive to my artistic vision to be honest with how i present myeselg 




capturing playfulness with software



fun and effective are the same thing!!!


A dopamine junkie you say... like a drug addict?

Exactly! Well, yes and no



I have healthy obsession with how people interact with technology

I am Comfortable with ambiguity and fuzzy, exploratory project briefs

I Learn by doing and making—a prototyping mindset that “sketches” in hardware and software - A wide range of prototyping skills ranging from scrappy to polished

i am Cross-disciplinary, exploratory and collaborative working style

i have Curiosity and/or experience around working across both hardware and software

i am Able to connect people to ideas in a way that generates excitement